Uncomment part of the volume discounts (#569)
EuroPython/website: src/content/pages/tickets.mdx

Education ticket won't have late bird variants.

### Volume Discounts

Is your company attending the conference as a team? We offer the following volume discount:

- get 5 business tickets of any type for the price of 4
- get 10 business tickets of any type for the price of 8
- get 15 business tickets of any type for the price of 11

Note:

> - Volume discount will not apply if you mix & match between different ticket tiers (e.g. business with personal).

Reviewer: This is correct, but maybe we can simplify by just explicitly saying it only applies only to the business tickets.

> - If you choose different types of tickets (e.g. Conference Only & Combined) the discount will apply to the item with the lower price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The discount will apply automatically once you have enough items in your basket.
- If you choose different types of tickets (e.g. Conference Only & Combined) the discount will apply to the item with the lower price.
```

> For companies interested in volume discounts, we would suggest considering being a sponsor of the event! More information can be found [here](./sponsor.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in buying lots of tickets, please consider sponsoring the event! More information can be found [on the sponsors page](./sponsor.mdx).
```
